doc: release: 3.7: NXP's contributions (#75274)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.7.rst

    :c:func:`can_set_mode` during application startup instead of failing when :c:func:`can_recover`
    is called at a later point in time.

Crypto
======

> * The CSS driver has been deprecated on NXP lpc55s36

Reviewer: shouldn't thing include details on how to migrate away?

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately we do not have a migration... internal issue being discussed. It is just pulled.

> * The CSS driver has been deprecated on NXP lpc55s36

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The CSS driver has been deprecated on NXP lpc55s36 (:github:`71173`).
```

Please add a link to the PR which introduced this change

Author: > (:github:`71173`)
Are you requesting this because there is no migration path proposed at this point?

            compatible = "sitronix,st7735r";
            reg = <0>;
            spi-max-frequency = <32000000>;

> 

Reviewer 4: Your section comes in the middle of another comment

Crypto
======

* The CSS driver has been deprecated on NXP lpc55s36

Ethernet
========

> * Deprecated NXP's eth_mcux and introduced nxp_enet

Reviewer 5: there is already an entry that states "The [nxp,kinetis-ethernet](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/build/dts/api/bindings/ethernet/nxp%2Ckinetis-ethernet.html#std-dtcompatible-nxp-kinetis-ethernet) has been deprecated in favor of [nxp,enet] [...]" -- can't it be piggy-backed?

USB
===

> * Introduction of a USB device controller driver for NXP SoC's (udc_mcux)

Author: > Put these into already existing sections rather than adding you owns

Existing sections? I don't see one for each of these. But perhaps I am not looking at the file correctly.

> * Introduction of a USB device controller driver for NXP SoC's (udc_mcux)

Reviewer 5: this looks like a release note entry?

Timer
=====

> * Added the ``resolution`` property in ``nxp,lptmr`` binding to represent the maximum width
>   in bits the LPTMR peripheral uses for it's counter. 

Reviewer 5: ditto. 

also, typo + suggested change re: dtcompatibel:

```suggestion
* Added the ``resolution`` property in :dtcompatible:`nxp,lptmr` binding to represent the maximum width
  in bits the LPTMR peripheral uses for its counter. 
```

Serial
======

Timer

> =====

Reviewer: what is this?
